# Weather-Prediction
You might ask yourself: Is it possible to predict the weather? What will it be like tomorrow in Nagaland? What clothing do I need? Weather can be predicted when looking at historical data and also with the help of data science. The idea behind data science is to create models that can predict the weather for other days, weeks or even months. For example, in the case of weather, you can train a model to predict the weather for tomorrow by looking at data from the past. This model will show the best weather for tomorrow. It’s not always correct, but it’s a pretty good option. Northeastern states of India are considered as a place of varied weather conditions ranging from snow, rain, storms, etc. A group of researchers from Guwahati tried to acquire the daily weather data from various sensors that are managed by a research organization. The researchers were interested in prediction of tremendous change in the nature of weather and their impact on the environment. Task is to analyze the given scene. Find the reports of the weather in a graphical pattern, encode the necessary with different python tools and finally train with different machine learning tools to produce output which could serve as the target that is the same as daily summary when new data comes into play. Also find the accuracy metrics such that the number of false positives are less than the true positives and also the accuracy is optimized. At last, use the developed model to evaluate using a evaluate dataset and save the output in a csv file.
